Come a little closer and lend me your
ears.
Don't worry,
you keep yours while I keep mine.
In each episode,
we'll dig into the major stories,
uncover the truth and retrieve gems from
Yada's blog.
We'll discuss what's right,
bark about what's wrong,
wag our tails at the thrill of discovery
and take you on adventures through the
exciting world we live in today.
So,
fasten your curiosity leash and get ready.
right then.
Coming to you with another episode of the
Yada's Vlog on a Blog.
Tomorrow's news disseminated today.
Let's dive in.
I could play that a hundred times.
I am certain.
I don't know about you,
but I know I can't top the Wook.
That was Wookielicious.
Pets and kids.
Animals and kids.
That's what Johnny Carson said.
Never to follow on a show.
Never to follow that on a show.
Here we are busting right through rule
number one.
Very, very well done,
Team Yada and Wookie.
You were spectacular.
All right.
Well,
as we start on tomorrow's news today,
this is a taco post.
Taco means what, Kevin?
Trump Always Chickens Out.
You are correct.
It's not always.
Sometimes he just blunders as opposed to
chickens out.
Right.
He has threatened to bomb Iran into
oblivion for a long time now.
Of course,
he claimed that he obliterated Iran's
nuclear capability and they would never
have nukes.
And he sent them back to the Stone
Age.
That was about a year ago, right?
I don't think, not even a year ago,
less than a year ago,
that obviously didn't happen, did it?
And now he brought the aircraft carrier,
the Abraham Lincoln there,
the old aircraft carrier,
and then he decided, oh, well,
that probably is not enough.
And everybody in the area,
all the Muslim nations said,
you can't use our airspace,
nor any base that you have here,
which why in the world do we have
them, to attack Iran.
So...
Yeah,
I think he's flown in five hundreds C-5
and C-130 and other C-17
transports to bring in missiles and all
manner of bombs.
And then he's after wearing the troops out
on the Gerald Ford playing pirate off the
coast of Venezuela.
Join the Navy, become a pirate.
That's got an appeal to it.
That's got an interesting ring to it.
He decided that without a break,
he would just reposition the Gerald Ford.
So it's it's heading this way.
Of course,
all of our assets have to be in
the range of a thousand kilometers off the
coast of
of Iran because Iran has too many
effective missiles and they would take out
our carriers and other ships.
But that makes it a little problematic
because we like to use those old
antiquated cruise missiles that we like to
shoot from our ships.
They have a range of about a thousand
kilometers.
So we better hope that Iran musters
everything of value right on the coast.
so that we can use it,
or otherwise we're going to make a mess
of their beaches for nothing.
So here we are,
we're in the big standoff.
We're wondering,
will Trump chicken out again?
Or will Trump do something far worse,
which was,
will he engage in the beginning of World
War III?
And that's really what attacking Iran is
going to be.
First of all, if you're an American,
you're pounding your chest and say, oh,
boy,
we're going to give it to those Iranians,
those terrible Iranians.
You hear all of them giving their
speeches.
The fact is,
what happened the last time we confronted
an Iranian proxy?
Those would be the Houthis, right?
How did we fare against the Houthis?
They turned tail and ran.
They said they were there.
We did.
No, they didn't.
Yeah, we got to go.
We're going to, we're going to leave.
What we did is we declared victory and
departed the scene.
It's called a strategic retreat.
It's called a strategic retreat with the
bravado.
Oh, so we won.
Oh yes, we won.
We bombed them.
They took out two of our fancy airplanes.
They damaged a ship.
They took out a couple or three of
our really, really fancy drones.
We made no difference whatsoever in
Houthieville.
And they said, you know,
this isn't very much fun.
We've spent hours.
billions and billions of dollars we
haven't made a dent in anything they're
shooting at us they're bringing down our
airplanes and our drones and they're
attacking our ships and we can't seem to
make a difference I think it's time to
declare victory and retreat which we did
so if you can't beat the Houthis how
on the heck are you going to beat
the Iranians
Has anybody thought this thing through?
Yeah, anybody thought this thing?
Oh, yeah,
I know he is wearing a big Netanyahu
chomps at the bit because Netanyahu needs
war.
If it wasn't for war,
he wouldn't be prime minister of Israel
anymore because everything he has done
over the last five years has been a
disaster for that country.
But has anybody bothered to think through
what was the primary result of
of Israel's and America's bombing of Iran
the last time.
What was the number one most important
result of that ordeal?
More help from China and Russia.
They moved in more assets.
That is the correct answer.
Yep.
A gold star for the man in the
corner.
What's important here is that, well,
America played kidnapper and pirate around
Venezuela.
We don't even have any troops in
So, I mean,
I don't know what we were kidding because
we don't we don't.
control Venezuela but we made a big deal
over Venezuela and played pirate and that
sort of thing but Venezuela on a one
to ten scale to uh Russia and China
is a is a two you know it
no big deal but Iran
Iran's like thirty five percent of China's
imported oil and gas.
They are one of Russia's leading trading
partners.
They're not going to sit by and be
idle if the United States decides that
they want to destroy them.
They're not in a position where they can.
In fact, if they do so,
they're in serious trouble.
They lose all credibility and they lose
huge dependency on those relationships.
So they can't do that.
And since the last attack,
Israel has gone from having a decent
relationship with Russia and a very good
productive relationship with China to
China and Russia both declaring that
Israel is an enemy.
Yeah,
they moved out all their embassies and
stuff, all their embassies.
They did.
Yeah, they just stopped.
Yeah.
And China was Israel's second largest
trading partner, built their ports.
I mean,
it was a real blow to Israel.
And now we have...
Russia and China providing some of their
best weapons systems to Iran and they have
personnel there in Iran and they're not
going to sit idly by.
And so at this point,
the fact is that Iran
is a very sophisticated manufacturer of
missiles and drones.
They have hypersonic missiles.
They have maneuvering missiles.
And they have far more missiles than
Israel has interceptors.
And at this point,
it takes two or three interceptors for
these,
particularly the better of the missiles,
to take one out.
And so as Russia has shown in the
Ukrainian war,
that if you send a bunch of low-cost
drones and then some missiles mixed in
with the low-cost drones,
a very significant amount of what you send
is going to impact.
And the difference is that...
Are the drones that Russia is using in
Ukraine, Iranian-made,
they have the name Shahid or something,
don't they?
Yes, that's right.
No, they are Shahid.
Yeah, Shahid, the martyr,
is what they're called.
And they were originally supplied by the
Iranians.
They're now made in Russia and they're
improved by the Russians,
but they're still using the same name,
but they're mostly manufactured in Russia
at this point.
But that's sort of the opening price point
on drones.
There's every manner of drone in the world
now.
The fact is that even in missiles right
now,
Iran has more missiles than Israel has
interceptors.
And the problem for Israel in this regard
is that Israel is a tiny country with
seventy percent of the population within a
very small proximity,
most of it around Tel Aviv.
And so if you were to send a
significant number of, the Iranians do,
hypersonic missiles and other missiles so
that you overwhelm the Israeli defenses,
Israel's in a whole world of hurt.
And, you know, there's,
there's several issues with the
interceptors.
One is that not only the interceptors cost
much more than the missiles,
hugely more than the missiles.
So you're going to lose economically.
But,
and not only does it take usually two
interceptors per missile,
but the lead time right now for
replenishing missiles,
particularly on U S systems it's, it's,
Israel could use in one week what it
would take America five years to
replenish.
Wow.
So they're not going to get resupply.
So that's the reason why that last war
was called at the end of twelve days.
Israel was out of interceptors.
This time,
because of the Russian involvement,
because of the far more sophistication of
Iran,
the fact that Iran's not going to be
the least bit timid in the way that
they approach this,
it is likely that the US will lose
a ship.
It is likely that Israel will be badly
damaged,
particularly in the Tel Aviv area,
and that
the only solution for Israel would be to
literally with the United States begging
for it to sue for peace for,
you know, Trump will say, well,
I solved another war,
even though I started it, uh,
or Israel started it, but you know, it's,
uh, um,
they're going to have to sue for peace.
And if they do,
there's only one thing that would cause
the Islamic forces to say, okay,
we'll call it off.
And you know what that is?
Oh,
they want they want the two state
solution.
And yeah, yeah, that's what they want.
They want it.
They want an Islamic State carved out of
the heart of Israel.
Not because they want an Islamic State in
Israel.
They don't.
They have no interest in that.
But that's what they'll demand all of
because why do they want the the Islamic
State carved out of the heart of Israel
when they hate the Fakestinians?
Oh,
because then it's a jumping off point to
take over all of Israel.
That is correct.
This two-state solution is the one-state
solution.
It will solve what the Muslims would call
their Jewish problem.
You give the Muslims an Islamic state
carved out of the heart of Israel,
Israel is indefensible.
And
now the only country that can veto that
from from becoming a reality and being
imposed on israel is the United States but
the United States is going to have to
capitulate if they they engage in this war
so this is just a really an interesting
point of of discussion and it's
interesting to us for several reasons one
is i i am the foremost expert on
the religion of Islam in the world today
there's no one that knows yeah
Allah, Muhammad, the Quran,
the Hadith better than I do.
I've written five books on Islam.
They are the most comprehensive analysis
of the Quran and Hadith,
Muhammad and Allah ever written.
They are irrefutable.
And so I know a lot about the
mindset of Muslims and what they have
sought to do for the past fourteen hundred
years, which is to perpetrate genocide,
really on all humankind,
but primarily focused on Jews.
The second reason is that
I don't think there's anyone on the planet
that cares more about Israel than I do.
And we do.
They are God's people.
We are here to protect them.
And the best way to protect them is
to tell them the truth.
And in this case,
the truth is they're putting themselves in
a terrible situation.
And the reason it's such a terrible
situation, Kevin,
is that they already played right into the
Muslim hands.
When the purpose of Al-Aqsa flood
in October of, of,
was not to occupy Israel.
They weren't trying to conquer Israel.
They didn't invade to conquer.
They didn't invade to occupy.
They invaded Muslims on sneakers with
garden tools for the most part,
for the express purpose of taunting the
Israelis to do what they did,
which was to destroy Gaza.
That is what they wanted.
And you read Senwar's notes and his
instructions, rape, plunder,
be as mean and as bad and as
vicious as you can possibly be.
Viciousness was the underscoring theme
because they knew that how the Jews would
respond to that and what Jews would do
to get their hostages back.
And they knew they could control them and
they knew they had the pieces in place
because they were being funded
by Qatar and Qatar had funded all of
the anti-Israel movements around the
world.
Then they were already calling Israel
genocidal before Israel even responded
inside of Gaza.
And by doing this,
you have all the talking heads everywhere,
mainstream media to social media,
all condemning Israel as being genocidal
when in fact the situation is quite
simple.
All of that was designed to taunt Israel
into destroying Gaza, which Israel did,
which they knew would isolate Israel such
that Israel would have only one highly
unreliable ally in the world.
And that's Donald Trump.
And he's the Great Betrayer.
He's the one the prophet spoke of that
is specifically going to betray Israel.
And they put themselves in that position
as a vassal of Donald Trump.
and they knew that would be totally
isolated and that America would give up on
them,
would be forced to give up on them
to maintain the petrodollar.
And so this was their play and Israel
played right into their hands.
and completely isolated themselves.
It made the two-state solution inevitable
and imminent,
and now they're taunting it again with an
attack on Iran.
And if that attack happens,
we're going to see these pieces play out
this way.
We are only, what, ninety-some-odd days,
ninety-three days,
I think is what it is from today,
to the...
the beginning of the time of Israel's
troubles.
It starts on 22 May of this year and
it lasts for seven years through Taruwah,
24 September of 2033.
It's gonna be the worst time in the
history of the Jewish people,
the worst time in the history of the
world.
And that man with the broom there and
the witch's hat,
he's going to be the primary perpetrator.
He is going to be deadlier,
more deceitful, more destructive.
than the worst humans who have ever lived.
He's going to be worse than Genghis Khan
and Kublai Khan and Tamerlane and Mohammed
and Paul and Hadrian and Hitler and Mao
Zedong and Stalin.
This is going to be,
he's going to go down as the single
worst person who has ever lived because he
is Satan incarnate.
And we were able to prove it through
the prophets and he proves that every day
with everything he says and does.
That's where we are.
It's going to be interesting to see what
happens.
If the United States attacks or if Israel
attacks,
then you know what's going to materialize.
Israel is going to be put in a
very vulnerable position,
and the only solution will be the Islamic
State.
That would make it possible for the
Shabuwah harvest to occur in ninety-three
days as opposed to a year from that
time because the capitulation of the heart
of Israel is a prerequisite for that
harvest.
Both of the most detailed prophecies
speaking of it talk about
That man being the betrayer and America
being the country that finally gives up on
Israel and that the nation is thinned at
the waist and it becomes indefensible at
the time of the beginning of the time
of troubles and concurrent with the
Shabuw'ah harvest.
So that's what's happening.
We'll see how it plays out in the
next ninety days.
Yeah,
it's interesting to me to kind of war
game or whatever you want to call it,
how how things go nuclear,
because I think that it's unlikely that
Iran is going to use nuclear weapons
against Israel because of the prevailing
winds.
It just blows all that crap right back
into Iran.
You know,
and then Jordan's not going to be very
happy about that.
And so I think that like you were
saying,
one of our ships or one of the
United States ships gets hit.
I think the United States will say, OK,
it's you know,
we lost American lives in this.
We've lost a large asset.
You know, we look bad.
I think they'll open up nuclear strategic
tactical little guys in Ukraine or against
Ukraine and Russia as a as a as
a pop back.
You know,
that's that's the only really way I see
things going nuclear.
at this point yeah i think that the
nuclear um exchanges um and i happen to
agree with you i don't think that uh
when i read through prophecy that iran's
going to use a nuclear device against
israel i think that iran now has nuclear
bombs and i think they can deliver them
and they may deliver them against a U.S
ship that i don't know but i don't
think they're going to use it against
Israel because Israel while it gets badly
bludgeoned is not completely destroyed
Right.
So it's unlikely,
but Israel is going to be the equivalent
of that.
And at this point,
what the Iranians have proven is that
their ballistic missiles are as effective,
if not more dangerous,
than a nuclear bomb would be anyway.
They're more effective against Israel.
The nuclear issue here is that if...
Israel is losing and can't get a solution.
They can't negotiate a peace by giving up
the Palestinian state,
the Fakestinian state.
Israel could use its nuclear bombs as the
only way to survive as a nation.
So it is very possible that Israel could
do so.
Now, if Israel does so,
the whole world is going to come unglued.
Now, that would be devastating.
As it relates to the main issues on
nuclear activity,
China and Russia have had it with the
United States.
So it's only a matter of time that
the United States and the UK and France
and others provoke
Russia into a nuclear retaliation.
That's the danger of that Ukrainian war.
Not only was it grossly immoral,
the United States perpetrated regime
change as we always do.
It turned out horribly bad.
And we used Ukraine as a proxy to
beat up Russia.
And that worked out horribly bad.
And so we created this war.
And
If we continue to escalate this war by
sending ever more weapons,
and if those weapons can hit inside of
Russia, Russia is, after a while,
is just gonna say, you know,
it's not worth it anymore,
and they will respond with nuclear
weapons.
And Russia has a nuclear weapon right now.
If they get, if they,
really get miffed at the United States
that has launched from their submarine
where that weapon literally creates a
nuclear tsunami and will take out entire
coastal cities.
And there's nothing that can be done to
stop it.
In fact,
Russia probably has five delivery systems
that the United States can't stop and will
never be able to stop.
So the United States is playing with fire.
I mean,
that's the thing that the Lindsey Grahams
and the John McCains that started this
war,
the George Bushes that started this war
didn't think through,
which is that you're dealing with a
country that has a very sophisticated
nuclear defense.
And that if you were to win that
war,
the proxy war against Russia using
Ukraine,
then it's going to end in a nuclear
war and America is going to be destroyed.
And so the only positive option they could
hope for, which is to win,
was going to be the destruction of the
United States.
And if you lose, then, you know,
right now,
probably upwards of two million lives have
been lost and hundreds of trillions or
hundreds of billions of dollars or so.
It was really an idiotic thing to be
pursuing, and we're still pursuing it.
But those are the two most likely,
I think, scenarios for a nuclear exchange.
We push Russia just too hard,
and Russia responds the only way it can.
and/or Israel responds to a defeat,
to a certain defeat with nuclear weapons.
The third is Trump is so unstable and
does so many things that are so crazy,
he could ignite a nuclear confrontation
with China or with Russia just because
he's insane.
Mm-hmm.
Yeah,
that's the possibility that the one that
keeps you up at night, you know,
that one that comes out of the dark,
out of nowhere,
the one that you don't even see coming.
Yeah, well, he's total chaos.
I mean,
each week he says things that any other
President would be impeached and be out of
office for the one thing that he did.
And every week he doubles down on
something that's worse.
And so you have a tendency to forget
about what happened the previous week
because he's that crazy.
He's a total complete confabulator.
Talk about forgetting.
We're talking about a hot war in Iran
right now.
No one's talking about Iran protests or
anything.
That's just, remember?
Oh,
Trump said we were going to round up
the bad guys.
We're going to be there to help support
the protesters.
Oh, yeah.
Keep their names.
If they kill anybody,
we'll be right there.
First of all, we started those protests.
The CIA and Mossad are the ones that
encourage those daggone protests.
And as I watched those protests,
I said the same thing on Facebook and
X that I've said now for the last
twenty years,
which is that
the likelihood of successful regime change
in Iran after America has already screwed
it up twice.
We screwed it up before the Shah and
then we replaced the Shah with the
Ayatollah, that was Jimmy Carter,
the peanut farmer and anti-Semite.
We're the reason,
the United States is the reason that Iran
is in such a mess.
We have perpetrated some one hundred
regime change operations since the end of
the last world war.
The CIA is the rogiest, nastiest,
most immoral force on the planet.
And the CIA, and working with Mossad,
decided they would push for regime change,
not recognizing that regime change in the
Islamic world never turns out well.
Look what happened with Muammar Gaddafi.
Look what happened with Saddam Hussein.
Look what happened with the Northern
Alliance and getting replaced by the
Taliban and in Afghanistan.
No matter where you go,
look what happened in Syria.
It got rid of Assad and you got
the Islamic State.
It never works in an Islamic country.
And so what they're pushing for had no
chance of success.
And a lot of people got killed and
might keep on saying the same thing.
You've got issues in Iran that won't allow
for this to be a success.
One is that there's no unifying force of
the protesters.
The protesters can't just say,
we don't like those guys.
And some don't like them because they're
Islamic.
Some don't like them because they're
socialists.
Some don't like them because, well,
they just don't like authority.
But
There's there's no unifying force.
There's no thing for them to rally around.
I mean,
they're not going to rally around to bring
a king back.
So there's no there's no unifying thing
that they can rally around.
And therefore, you know, in a country,
you know,
you can overturn a country if the people
that want to overturn it are like the
Bolshevik Revolution and Russia.
or the Nazis in Germany.
Three, three and a half percent,
four percent is enough to overturn an
entire country if, in fact,
the people that are trying to overturn it
are well-armed and they're vicious.
If they're sufficiently vicious,
the rest of the country will capitulate.
But in Iran,
the protesters don't have guns,
and the Islamic regime is vicious.
You know,
they didn't have near the turnout that was
necessary.
And I immediately said, you know,
I know you're all saying this is going
to turn out to be regime change,
but no, it's not.
And let me tell you why.
And so, you know, I'm not bragging here,
but I'm just trying to help people have
a better understanding of what they should
be listening to here,
is that over the last twenty years,
I've probably issued upwards of a thousand
predictions of what's going to happen in
the future.
I've never been wrong.
It's something to consider here.
I know these situations very well.
I've not only traveled in hundred and
seventy five countries around the world
and student of history and economics and
politics,
but I don't think anyone knows the
prophets better than I do.
So I know what's going to happen.
And it's fairly easy to predict when you
know the mindset of the politicians and of
the religions that are involved in these
things.
Yeah.
We move on?
We're going?
Sure.
Oh, yeah, those are the Houthis.
I made that post.
I said, so, you know,
the last time we played this game in
the United States, oh,
we're going to get some Houthis.
We're going to bomb.
What do you say?
Bomb them like they've never been bombed
before.
Obliterate them.
Yeah, well,
bomb them like they've never been bombed
before.
Well,
the fact of the matter is they beat
us.
The U.S.
turned tail and ran and made no impact
on them whatsoever.
And look at these guys.
I mean,
I think if you took the IQ,
the collective IQ of that entire picture
there,
I'm not sure you'd get to double digits.
Right, right.
It's tough to bomb somebody back to the
Stone Age when that's home, you know?
When that's home.
And that's comfortable for them.
They would say thank you.
Very nice.
I appreciate that.
In the rest of the world,
we came out of the Stone Age a
long time ago, but in Arabia,
that's not the case.
Yeah, they'd be happy.
But look at that.
I mean,
what in the world are they going to
do with their old rifles against anybody
other than themselves?
I mean, think about them.
They're pointing,
they've all got their rifles.
Who are they going to shoot?
There's two Kalashnikovs in that shot,
but the rest of them are,
I don't even think they're
semi-automatics.
They're old single-shot M-I's or
something.
It's like, nice rifle, but still.
Yeah.
And we lost to them.
Well, the U.S.
did.
I'm a former American,
so I use the term we a lot.
I'm an expat now.
But I still have it.
What you got there next there, Kevin?
Oh, this is a,
it's kind of a screenshot of the
YadaYah.com website is YadaYah.com.
And I just wanted to take a minute
because there's just so much there.
There's the books offer,
thirty five books, all free.
They're based on my translations,
either of the Dead Sea Scrolls and
therefore the Towrah, Prophets and Psalms.
Or I translated the oldest sixty nine
manuscripts of the Christian New
Testament.
and then compared what Paul and the likes
of him had to say, Paul, Luke, Mark,
and the like to what God actually said.
So I have both translations side by side
to disprove Christianity.
And then I have five books where I
translated the Quran.
and set it into the context of Muhammad's
life and reordered chronologically to
disprove Allah and Islam and Muhammad.
And so there's a lot of information here,
a lot of very sophisticated, unique,
powerful,
impactful translations and commentary.
And on many of these cases too,
if it's not Hebrew,
I'll also provide other popular
translations so you can see what other
people have come up with.
And the same thing is true with the
Quran.
I think I've provided on average three to
four translations of every statement.
And I present the entire Quran,
set the entire thing into the context of
Muhammad's life.
it and and then you know the series
Introduction Introduction to God where i
actually come up with proof that God's
name is pronounced Yahowah and uh have
determined that um Jesus never existed
that uh Dowd is the actual David is
the actual Messiah son of God um
He is the returning king.
He is our savior.
He's the one who was crucified,
fulfilling Passover in thirty three CE.
Enormous information offering.
Every one of those books is available as
a and their average about seven,
eight hundred pages apiece.
They're everyone's available as a flip
book.
They're all available as PDFs.
They're all available royalty free from
Amazon.
If you want the paperback version of the
book, you know,
here's here happens to be an example of
one.
Thirty-five of these books.
Then, in addition to the books,
we have now a translation index,
and the translation,
you click on any book,
and you can go right to a single
passage or a single chapter,
and it will present every translation of
every verse within that chapter,
and you can see them side by side,
and you can actually click on the words
and go to a definition of the words
that were used, but also you can...
Click on the hyperlink that for each of
those translations and it'll take you to
the flipbook where that translation is
presented with all of the introduction and
commentary and insights that can be
derived from it.
Very powerful in there,
the glossaries are now,
so if you don't know how to spell
something,
you want to look up words close to
it, around it and like it, you know,
you can just scroll through the glossary.
Yeah, I'm right now.
I'm working on a presentation.
Yeah.
Joe,
who is the technologist that are doing
this are working on a
on a plan that does something that Hebrew
is really tough in this regard because
Hebrew has
two letters that are presented typically
by an apostrophe.
And scholastically,
they were presented pedantically by a
closed and an open quote.
But the problem with that is that all
of the online tools that can be used
to create a glossary or to link to
now use just a vertical quote,
and they don't distinguish between the
open and closed.
So you don't have a distinction between
the Aleph and the Ayin.
When I wrote all of these,
I didn't see there was a need for
that,
and also I knew that Word does not
treat things like quotes well.
It makes assumptions and changes them
based upon what it thinks you want to
do.
And so now I'm going back,
and I'm actually using a superscript of
the original Paleo-Hebrew Aleph,
which is a ram's and bull's head.
and the Ayin, which is an eye,
and I'm using it as a superscript to
show what letter is actually there.
And now that we know that,
we're finding ways to key to lexicons that
actually make the distinction between the
aleph and the ayin,
so that we'll have a far more functional
glossary when all that is done.
So that's the part we're working on now.
We have a whole section of,
just for music because the music that is
being written now is just so inspiring
it's uplifting the lyrics are spectacular
it's one of the most most effective tools
that we we have there's a whole now
page of uh of songs um we're working
today on music it's it's good music it's
good music with great lyrics and beautiful
graphics to support them
And I think right now there are there's
another song that will be published where
the graphics have been done.
I think you're working on the transitions
as the final stage in that.
And then we'll have another one.
And then there's, I think,
four more in the pipeline.
There's actually three that are reggae
that are just breathtaking.
They're so good.
And so we'll work on the graphics for
those two.
The music is really stout.
But now,
my favorite part of what we're doing are
the invitations,
particularly the animated invitations that
are being produced by the team.
There's such a wonderful part of this
expression of calling people back to Yahowah
that I want them presented
first and foremost on the homepage,
and then to have a whole page of
them.
So I'm working out a plan that will
take them from the Facebook page,
for example,
and automatically populate a page on the
site for them.
We now have a lovely timeline that's
graphically and beautifully presented,
got rid of all the clutter.
and tells you all the important dates over
the last six thousand years and what's
going to happen over the next seven years.
So it's a very effective Shabuwah countdown
clock is at the very top.
So if you ever.
Absolutely.
You know how much time we have left.
Yes.
Yeah.
So I check it from time to time.
I think we have ninety three days.
Not a lot of time to get stuff
done.
So anyway, it's a marvelous site,
YadaYah.com.
You'll find there's no donate to us
button.
There's no signing up for anything.
You can come and go.
You're completely anonymous.
We do not track you.
No secret password.
We do not ask for anything from you.
You cannot make a donation.
We don't ask for anything.
The books are totally free.
Everything is free.
it also has this blog uh which is
a you know a picture and and words
uh they're automatically populated from
our social media pages so you can see
what we're saying about the news and it
has our blog which we produce one or
two uh shows every day at least five
days a week that are like this and
others on the books that i've written and
uh like this one on our posts and
You can click on any of them.
You don't even leave the site,
and yet you're getting all the benefit of
YouTube and the streaming capability of a
YouTube, which is spectacular,
without ever having to leave the site for
the vlogs.
And then there's a link to all of
our social media accounts because we're
everywhere.
Fifteen or twenty different locations now
in social media.
So it's all available for you.
It's a beautiful site and very robust and
getting better every day and you should
capitalize on it.
When are we going to tear it down?
When are we going to have our Reagan
moment?
Mr. Netanyahu, tear down that ugly wart.
That boil.
That boil, that wart, that scar.
The post when people talk about this,
they say,
that's the third holiest site in Islam.
You gotta be respectful of that.
It's the third holiest site in Islam.
That's because people are universally
ignorant.
That is a complete and total embarrassment
to Islam, as is the Al-Aqsa Mosque.
That was to commemorate Muhammad's night's
journey.
He was sleeping when he was sixty six
years old,
if he was born in the year of
the elephant,
which is what the Quran claims.
He was sixty six years old when he
climbed into bed with a six year old
girl.
She was the daughter of his best friend.
And so as a pedophile of the worst
possible type,
he was struggling with his credibility,
not just for being a pedophile,
but because the week before his night's
journey,
he was the one who blundered by the
satanic verses.
You see,
what he had done is he had engaged
in what I call this idolatrous thing
capitulation where the meccans which just
got so tired of him they went actually
weren't Meccans it was in Petra but the
Quraysh his home tribe got so disgusted
with him uh that they said you know
Come on, we know who you are.
You're just a fraud.
So we'll give you what you want.
You just stop being so belligerent and
antagonizing us.
We'll give you a second power and money.
You can be king for a day each
year.
We'll give you a bunch of money so
you just shut up and you can have
the prettiest girls in town.
And then let's just call it a day
and you'll take it and we'll all be
at peace.
And he did, he accepted the deal.
The deal was that if he did that,
That because the the Kaaba was a meal
ticket that people would come in and water
their camels and and dust off their rock
gods.
And, you know,
it was a place you could store whatever
your favorite rock god was.
You could put it in the Kaaba and
it was three hundred sixty five of them.
So a lot of rock gods there that
you could water and feed.
And take care of it.
And they said, so, you know,
our three primary gods,
Allah was not even an honorable mention in
the Kaaba.
It was Alat, Al-Uzza, and Manat.
And they said,
so if you will recognize our goddesses in
your Quran, that will be good.
And so Muhammad came out the next day
and he says, oh, yeah, Manat, Allat,
and Al-Uzza, they're good to go.
They're goddesses.
And so...
Abu Bakr, who was the father of Aisha,
who was Muhammad's six-year-old sex toy.
He said, wait a minute, wait a minute,
wait a minute.
I gave you my daughter.
I'm all in on this deal.
And I'm the only friend you got.
And you promised me that we had a
monotheistic religion.
And now you got four gods.
And by the way, of the four gods,
Allah wasn't even one of them.
It was Ar-Rahman was the other god that
was the primary god that Muhammad was
touting.
He wrote even chapters,
surahs to Ar-Rahman.
And he says, so what's the deal here?
That won't work.
And I'm going to leave you.
I'm taking my daughter.
You're done.
And so Muhammad the next day says, okay,
that was the satanic verses.
All of Allah's messengers speak on behalf
of Satan.
So now he is really mocked.
He accepted the idolatrous indulgence.
He then reneged on it by saying that
he spoke for Satan.
And so he was being mocked out of
town.
And so he needed a Trump moment where
you have a new crisis that's crazier than
the one before.
So they forget the one before.
Well, he needed that.
And the night's journey to Jerusalem,
and he didn't know the name of the
town.
But the night's journey,
which later they claim was to Jerusalem,
was that moment.
That was his crisis.
So he imagined in the middle of the
night, he's sleeping there with ʿAisah,
and he's visited by Al Barrak.
You know Al Barrak?
Al Barrak happens to be,
it's a winged ass.
It's a donkey.
It's halfway between a donkey and a mule
with wings.
Yeah, that's what it was.
And he jumped on the donk mule and
he flew to the city whose name he
didn't know to visit the temple,
which was destroyed six hundred years
earlier.
But he didn't know that either.
And he was when he was there,
he met with all of the Jewish bigwigs
and he didn't know they were all dead.
And so he gets there,
and then this dome is over the hoofy
print because the flying donk mule leapt
up towards to go visit Allah because
evidently, according to Muhammad,
you can't get to Allah out of Kaaba,
which is Petra,
but now they claim it's Mecca.
So you can't get there.
You have to go to Jerusalem if you
want to go visit Allah.
I guess all the gods hang out in
Jerusalem.
They don't hang out, you know.
in Kaabaville. Right.
So that was a little glitch,
a little hiccup on the Al-Barrak trip up
to Allah.
Because the first stop, yeah,
it gets worse.
The first stop wasn't heaven.
Nope.
It was hell.
So if you want to go visit Allah,
you've got to go through hell.
And when he went to hell,
according to Muhammad,
he saw that all the inhabitants were
women.
And these women were hanging from meat
hooks through their breasts.
Lovely place, hell.
And so he asked, you know,
why are all the women in hell and
why are they hanging from their breasts
and meat hooks?
And he was told because they didn't treat
their husbands appropriately.
They didn't show proper gratitude.
Right.
Let's just toss that one in there in
case.
Right.
Oh, that before he left, though,
he saw his adoptive son's wife and said,
oh, man, she's a real hottie.
I think I like her.
And as it turns out later,
he had incest.
He he stole his adopted son's wife.
You know,
when he already had a full harem of
children and rape victims.
But anyway,
then he leapt up and he went up
to, yeah,
there's six more stops along the way.
He finally gets up to Allah and he
has a big discussion with Allah.
And you think, oh,
finally we're going to have a revelation
because thus far in the Quran,
we've got nothing.
I mean,
there hasn't been anything in the entire
Quran that is even worth putting at the
bottom of a birdcage.
That's how terrible this book is.
So, oh,
maybe we're going to get something, huh?
now all uh all i want to say
is i wanted to be mooned fifty times
a day fifty and uh that's a lot
but okay you know that's what you want
to do that so he claims that he
visited with Moshe on the on the way
uh back down unless she says hey he
tried that same trick with me but you
you just need to go back up and
negotiate you can get it down to five
i got it i got it down to
five you should you should go back and
negotiate and he went back and negotiated
with Allah and got it down to five
because it was too oppressive for Muslims
to have fifty
Even though Allah wanted fifty.
The moral of the story is it took
a Hebrew to teach an Arab how to
negotiate.
That's true.
That part of it is true.
And the only way you can get to
Allah is through Jerusalem.
And to get to Allah,
you have to go through hell.
All of that's true.
And that donkeys fly.
Donkeys fly, yes.
That is what that piece of crap
memorializes.
Now,
if that isn't embarrassing to your
religion,
You tell me what is.
And so when I say that that isn't
the third holiest site in Islam,
that is the single biggest embarrassment
to Islam and it ought to be torn
down.
And since I'm gonna have the opportunity
to spend three and a half years in
that place,
I made a deal with the guy that's
sending me there.
I'm allergic to that kind of stuff.
I want it destroyed before I arrive.
That is my deal.
I'll do whatever you want.
But you understand,
I'm not going to be any good if
that thing is at my back.
So it's got to go.
So Israel,
you can man up and take it out
now and get credit for it.
Or, you know,
we'll take care of it later.
Your call.
Yeah.
You know what I would have done on
Al-Aqsa flood?
1.0 when it occurred on 10-7
twenty three is I would have.
said to the Muslims,
I'm going to cut your deal here.
You took two hundred and fifty women and
children, men.
They're all back tomorrow.
And I'll let that that dome stay.
If they're not back tomorrow,
I'm going to blow it up.
And I'm going to give you then,
you know, I'm serious,
then we give you another day to to
return them or I'm going to blow up
Al-Aqsa Mosque.
And if they're not back in two days,
I'm going to blow up Al-Aqsa Mosque and
then do it.
And completely toss the control of the
Temple Mount away from Jordan and say,
this is the capital of Jerusalem,
the capital of the Jewish people.
Your piece of crap doesn't belong here.
Goodbye.
It's gone.
That's what I would have done.
And while they might not have gotten the
hostages back,
They had a much better chance than
anything else was going to be that would,
you know, if you do anything else,
you're going to release tens of thousands
of Islamic terrorists, which are,
it's gonna be like the Shalit deal where
you free one and you assure the deaths
of thousands of others.
And that's exactly what the Shalit deal
did.
And that's what these deals will do.
So that was the only way to avoid
that kind of deal.
I would have done that.
As Israel, the world hates you already.
The world is against you already.
It's not like they can get more animosity
towards you for destroying this historic
site or whatever you want to call it.
Yeah,
pick the thing up and plop it down
in Gaza.
I want my hostages back.
And if they don't, here's the next piece.
Oh, but you know,
this is the threat to Kevin.
You haven't thought about this.
See all those graves that are along that
eastern wall there?
Yeah.
This view of this.
All the graves that are around there,
all those graves are Muslims that came in
during the conquest of of Israel.
You know,
during the first hundred years of Islam,
Muslims killed two hundred million people.
They raped probably an equivalent number
of women and slaved that many people.
They raped, enslaved,
and killed one-third of the earth's known
population at the time.
And so as they came into Jerusalem,
the Muslims who died all said they wanted
to be buried along the gate into the
Temple Mount so that when they believed
that Jesus was coming,
that when Jesus was coming,
they could keep him from entering the
city.
right good luck with that huh well
actually Jesus is not coming so uh they
are going to be successful they will keep
Jesus right it's back because he wasn't
here those stone boxes are going to make
nice stadium seating that's that i think
so well particularly on the mount of uh
of olives absolutely it'd be a nice
stadium seating for the amount of olives
to view all the things that are going
to to happen to put your picnic basket
and everything absolutely
Oh, goodness.
This is, we're an equal religious hater.
So we don't really have a significant
prejudice.
I am opposed to and have proven
Christianity wrong, Islam wrong,
and Judaism wrong.
Now, in this particular case,
as I understand it, these are the Haredi.
The only thing they'll protest is their
right to be parasites and not have to
lift a finger to either work,
contribute to the state of Israel,
or defend the country.
And they'll beat up women for that right.
And these are women that had to be
protected by the police because they were
being beaten up by the Haredi parasites.
The Haredi are absolutely nothing better
than blood-sucking parasites.
They contribute nothing.
They drain everything from the nation.
They don't work.
They don't serve.
They have absolutely no value.
And Israel is...
is so badly damaged by these people.
They cause people around the world to
despise Jews.
They're so despicable.
And they are, even in the country,
it's a house divided because you have,
what,
thirty percent of the people that are
Marxist.
You have thirty percent of the people that
are ultra Orthodox.
And they're both useless on both sides of
the equation and at each other's throats.
This is a nation without a constitution
and a parliamentary system,
which is the system of bribes and
capitulation,
and it has no chance of success.
Yeah,
the only time you see news stories of
Jews is how it always is.
Jews harassing people in Judea or Samaria,
where places where Muslims are allowed are
the the Haredi settlers.
Those are the ones that are antagonizing,
you know,
not that they it's a double edged sword.
I mean, I don't want the the,
you know, Muslims living here.
You're close.
When they show people being antagonized by
Jews in Jerusalem,
Christians being spit at,
it's by the Haredi.
So the Haredi are the vulgar ones that
are spitting at Christians.
When they show violence against the
Muslims in Judea and Sumeria,
Those are politicized religious Jews.
They're typically Orthodox,
but not Haredi, because they work.
They're in orchards and things like that,
and they're defending
their communities,
but they've had it up to here with
Islamic terrorism.
And they don't recognize that even though
the ratio of settler to Muslim attacks
versus Muslim to Jew attacks is sixty to
one,
that they don't realize that that one is
viewed as the world is worse than the
other sixty.
And they do.
Israel a great disservice by what they do
and their inability to control themselves.
And it was actually one of these that
led to the diabolical nature of of October
seventh,
because there was a the battalion that was
supposed to be guarding in southern Israel
along the border was brought up by
Netanyahu to protect a
a celebration of the rabbinical close of
Sukkot.
And it's a purely Jewish holiday.
It has nothing to do with the Towrah.
Although they give it a Towrah name.
And
They wanted to be protected because they
wanted to antagonize Muslims by having
their celebration in Islamic areas.
And so they brought up the defensive
forces to protect them,
which left the Gaza border unprotected.
One of the dunderhead moves.
And it's all because of these already.
And they are the reason that Netanyahu is
still in power.
Yeah.
The reason I showed this is that, well,
I love that, you know, social media says,
yeah, don't forget this.
Take advantage of it.
It's today.
You know,
the only place you can see this is
in Antarctica.
So if you want to go down to
Antarctica, there you go.
It's a little late now, but you can.
You could have seen it in Antarctica.
And lucky for them, this time of year,
the sun is actually up in Antarctica.
It's down in the Arctic.
You couldn't see it if it was one
in the Arctic because the sun doesn't make
it above the horizon this time of year.
But in Antarctica, it does.
And so that's where this took place.
But the reason I show it is that
the most significant eclipse...
is going to be on Taruwah in twenty
thirty three.
And it is the greatest show on Earth.
There'll be more things that happen
profoundly around this world on Taruwah,
September 23 and 24
of 2033 than any other time
in the history of our planet.
All traces of religion are going to be
removed.
God's going to terraform the entire earth
back to the conditions of Eden.
There's going to be two transports that
bring the qualified Gowim and the
qualified Yahuwdym and Israelites into
Jerusalem.
There's going to be the sacrifice of the
Adamah Parah at that time.
It's going to be orchestrated by ElYah.
And the remnants are going to be purged
so that they're prepared to witness
um
King Dowd, the Messiah,
the Son of God's return with Yahowah,
ten days later on Yom Kipurym.
It's just going to be the most magnificent
time in the world,
and it's going to be set off and
introduced by a solar eclipse.
It's the one time where the moon,
rather than reflecting the sun's light,
the moon's the big deal because it's the
lesser luminary doing its thing on behalf
of the greater luminary, Dowd and Yada.
So it's just a way of...
drawing attention to what's going to
happen in seven years from now.
You can read all about it Eth Tsarah.
You can at Eth Tsarah.
That is correct.
And also in Harvest.
Qatsyr Harvest has quite the explanation
what's going to happen on those two days,
Shabuwah and Taruwah.
Oh, I'm so tired of this.
But
Jews want to have the world believe that
their enemy is Hamas.
Hamas is simply a symptom of Islam.
Hamas didn't declare war on Israel.
Hamas didn't start this war.
Not even by a billion, billion,
billion extent.
Hamas did not.
The minority of those who came across the
border were wearing teni rompers and
carrying garden tools.
They were on foot.
They weren't Hamas.
They didn't have the Hamas issued
headband, the green headband.
No, no.
Or the automatic rifles or the unis or
none of it.
The vast majority were just
run-of-the-mill Muslims.
Hamas is a terrible organization,
but they weren't the cause of it.
They weren't the one who started the war.
Islam.
started this war fourteen hundred years
ago.
And if you don't know that,
shame on you.
But they started the war because rabbis
started mocking Muhammad and they started
mocking Muhammad because rabbis ever,
ever trying to make a buck,
sold Muhammad the Talmud readings that he
used to make the Quran appear religious.
If they hadn't done that,
the Quran would be less known today than
the religious texts of Genghis Khan.
You know,
Genghis Khan had his own religious text
and he was a far more effective.
Oh, yeah, absolutely.
Genghis Khan had realized that religion is
powerful force.
And so, yeah,
he had his own religious text and he
built an empire that was, you know,
all all Mohammed did was conquer small
portions of central Arabia where no one
lived.
But Genghis Khan conquered most of the
known world.
He was the head, the ultimate empire.
And so
Muhammad would be an asterisk.
It wouldn't even be known to history had
rabbis not sold him Talmud readings
because he used those Talmud readings to
claim that they came from Allah,
twisted them to serve his situation.
And that's what made the Quran seem like
a religious book.
And they were all purchased from the
rabbis.
And it's overwhelming evidence for this in
the Quran and the Talmud.
Not in the Quran and the Talmud,
but the Quran and the hadith.
And then you can compare stories of the
Talmud, you know,
that made the entire story would be a
surah in the Quran.
Just took it and plopped it right in.
And almost all of the important stories
and myths in the Quran that are repeated,
are all the Talmudic interpretations by
the rabbis.
And so the evidence is overwhelming.
It cannot be rationally denied.
And what happened here is that when
Muhammad started claiming them on behalf
of Allah, when they came from the rabbis,
and then,
so the rabbis then pulled a fast one
on Muhammad.
They said that the correct word for Lord
is rabbi.
Throughout the Quran,
the most common reference to Allah is
rabbi because rabbis told him that was the
right term.
So rabbis are the God of Islam.
That backfired badly.
Yeah, that sort of backfired.
But anyway,
when Muhammad went broke and he couldn't
pay them,
what do psychopaths do when they're being
mocked and they can't pay their bills?
I believe the technical term is I kill
you.
I kill you.
That's the technical term.
And that's what he did.
He perpetrated genocide.
There were thirty thousand Jews living in
Yathrib.
Killed them all.
Well, didn't kill them all.
Sold some of the children as slaves and
raped the women and just killed the men.
Not fun.
Then he went to Kabar, you know.
kabar kabar Yahuwd kabar you know um you
know that he went to kabar and kabar
was the dress rehearsal for um for what
happened on October seventh exact same
thing farming communities early in the
morning rape plunder arson murder allahu
akbar that's the first time allahu akbar was
actually said was kabar right so
It's Islam that declared war on Jews,
and they did it because of the rabbinical
malfeasance.
Rabbis were stupid.
Rabbis created the enemy of Islam.
And you need to know your history.
If you don't know your history,
you don't know who your enemy is.
You don't know who your enemy is.
You have no chance to defeat them.
And if you want to know this enemy,
go to YadaYah.com,
the five books of goddamn religion,
four thousand two hundred and fifty pages
of irrefutable evidence,
all taken from the Quran and Hadith,
all presented
in context in chronological order all
documented it completely destroys
everything there is about Islam and you'll
find it at YadaYah.com that's the second to
last row books on the uh when you
click on books with the green snake on
the front it does have a green snake
on the uh the front oh boy
There are so many places now that Jesus
is coming.
Oh, the prophecy is fulfilled.
Isaiah says, you know, Jesus is coming.
And he's going to touch down on top
of the Islamic Dome of the Rock.
I thought he was going to the temple
in Independence, Missouri.
No, I don't.
That's what the Mormon said.
I thought he was going to Salt Lake
City.
That's Gabriel with his horn.
That's the other Mormon.
Oh, the other Mormon.
There's two sets of Mormons.
Oh, there's two sets of Mormons.
And he's not going to the Vatican.
No,
he's going to land on the top of
the Dome of the Rock.
Oh, okay.
He is going to be a Muslim after
all.
There you go.
Unbelievably stupid.
You know, first of all, there is no,
you know how many mentions there are?
I'll just ask this question.
How many mentions are there of Jesus in
the book of Isaiah?
It won't take me long to look it
up.
None.
And how about all the other prophets?
I've been looking it up for years.
I still can't find it.
No.
There is no reference.
Soon.
No,
no reference to a Jesus by any variation
of any one of those names.
Jesus,
which that name wasn't even known until
1629 third edition of the King James Bible
when it became known.
There is no Mr. Christ.
There was no Jesus in first century Judea.
None of this.
The whole thing is just a pile of
lies.
And no, there is no...
prophesized a return of Jesus,
because there was no arrival of Jesus in
the first place.
But Isaiah does have a lot to say
about the Choter, the Nakar, the Basar,
the Kol, the Adamah Parah,
the man from Edom.
He's got a lot to say about who's
coming and what he's going to do and
what you need to do.
And yet these Nimrods can't figure any of
this out.
Why can't you read it and say there's
a whole chapter devoted to the Choter?
There's like, what, ten,
fifteen references to the Nakar.
There are constant references to the Adamah
Parah and to the man from Edom
who's going to save many.
And there's none to Jesus.
So why are you expecting Jesus to come
back if you want to pay attention to
Isaiah?
And he speaks of all of the others.
And all the others happen to be one,
but a thousand prophecies about the one
they're not looking for.
And none on the one they are looking
to donate to your ramp project to
sacrifice a cow.
You can't keep people people to donate to
that if it's a guy and he's taking
care of everything.
So yeah, there's nothing in it for him.
No.
Oh, goodness.
Religion.
What a waste.
What a waste of a soul.
What?
Hmm.
Okay,
here they're having the Tucker Carlson
effect.
What they're essentially saying is that
Israel is in a real pickle.
because heretofore,
Israel had the majority of the Democratic
Party and the vast majority of the
Republican Party that was pro-Israel and
would support Israel.
And now at this point,
it's in the Democratic Party,
it's overwhelmingly against Israel because
they're becoming overwhelmingly socialist
and Marxist,
and Marxism has a thing against Jews.
And then in the Republican Party,
under thirty to under forty,
in that range,
it's overwhelmingly against Israel.
Part of this was that the great influencer
of MAGA and the great Christian crusader
and MAGA influencer, Charlie Kirk,
turned on Israel.
And then after he did,
he was met with Candace Owens,
who is the big Christian MAGA-ite,
became super anti-Semitic.
Then you had Tucker Carlson who suffered
the double whammy.
of being bribed by Muslims and then
admitting that he was demon possessed.
And he is a shrill voice against Israel
and against Jews.
And then you have, you know,
Nick Fuentes used to be the great
anti-Semite white supremacist.
And now even Nick Fuentes says,
I don't know what's wrong with the rest
of you guys.
You're just way out there.
Yeah, he was as bad as they got.
And now he is almost a moderate compared
to these others.
Wow.
The fact is that anti-Semitism is worse
now by far than it was in the
nineteen twenties and nineteen thirties
Europe.
And it's worldwide now and it's far more
entrenched, far more vicious.
And it's virtually every Marxist and
socialist.
It's virtually everyone that's under the
age of thirty.
It's virtually the overwhelming majority
of Christians,
and it's a hundred percent of Muslims.
And so Israel is completely isolated.
And guess what's gonna happen if you're
completely isolated?
Oh, yeah.
It was interesting to me to see...
in the Minneapolis protests the amount of
people that there were there protesting
ICE okay in an immigration were wearing
the um the what's the Palestinians uh the
keffiyeh yeah and um i'm just they there's
no
Branding isn't the word,
but there's no ideology behind it other
than it's the other.
It's just the the other ideology of what
we want to fight against.
I mean, it's like I don't know how.
Oh, there's no thinking.
Yeah, there's no thinking.
Yeah,
that they're they're calling Israel
genocidal and Islam is the genocidal,
the great genocidal foe of the world,
the most genocidal religion in the history
of the world.
And they're they're Marxists who have been
genocidal.
I mean,
if you look at the number of people
killed by Marxists since Karl Marx created
the ism,
it's right around two hundred million
people.
And you look at the number of people
that Muslims have killed and on the first
hundred years,
it was two hundred million and spent about
fifty million since then.
So it's two hundred fifty million.
So they are the one and the number
one, number two,
overwhelmingly most vicious genocidal
regimes in the world.
And both of them perpetrate apartheid.
In an Islamic country,
non-Muslims have no rights and racial
minorities have no rights.
Every Islamic country practices apartheid.
And so Islam is the most anti-Marxist
religion in the history of the world.
And yet you look at World War II,
Hitler was a socialist.
So was Mussolini.
Both, though,
decided that they wanted to rebrand
themselves because they were
anti-communist and they were this anti
anybody that wasn't them.
And so they rebranded themselves as
fascists.
But they were they were Marxists.
They were socialists.
And.
As socialists,
they partnered with Muslims and
particularly in Germany.
The Holocaust would never have happened
had it not been for Hitler's meeting with
Al-Husseini, the Grand Mufti of Jerusalem.
He met with Hitler and says,
I know what your plan is.
You want to exile them after you rob
them.
But that creates a real problem for me
because they'll come back to Israel and
they'll claim Israel.
And so what you need to do is
just kill them.
And the final solution took place,
the first meeting was two months after
Hitler met with the Grand Mufti.
And that's when the decision was made that
they would use the concentration camps as
death camps as opposed to labor camps.
So the mix of Marxism and Islam has
gone on since uh that time and it's
lethal and so many young people now are
marxists uh
for no other reason than they're just
ignorant.
They're ignorant, they're irrational,
they can't think.
One of the advantages I had besides age
is that I've been there, I've seen that.
I was in Russia when it was communist,
and many times in Russia when it was
communist.
I know what a communist country is like.
I was in China before the enterprise zones
were there.
It was actually the first group of
Westerners that entered China.
You know,
it was such a phenomenon that we'd walk
down the middle of the street and there'd
be, you know,
ten million Chinese that would just try to
get a look at us.
They had never seen a Caucasian face.
I've seen these countries.
I've been through all through the Iron
Curtain countries and I've studied
economics.
And so I know this beast and they're
unable to make the comparison between East
and West Germany and they won't make the
comparison between North and South Korea.
They don't know.
that the difference between what Taiwan
was and what China was.
And so they don't know that when you
consolidate power and you make larger
gangs,
that humanity always becomes more
belligerent and worse.
And everyone loses because there is far
less productivity because there's no
incentive.
And there is far more control because you
have one institution deciding what
everyone can think, believe or do.
You have no freedom of any kind and
you have no prosperity.
And they're not smart enough to recognize
that all they know is that they're super
rich people and they're not super rich and
they don't wanna work and they just want
what the others have earned.
And they're not smart enough to recognize
that if they were to confiscate a hundred
percent
of what every rich person had.
You know, it wouldn't last them a week.
And then there'd be nothing.
Yeah, that no jobs.
Well, they don't want to work.
So there is no job.
The only job they want is to be
an influencer.
I had met a guy from from Georgia,
the country,
he stepped off his boat on his Liberty
Visa and stayed in the country back in
two thousand when you could do that before
nine eleven and everything started working
at a hotel,
took him to he wanted to go buy
some bread,
took him to the supermarket and he
couldn't decide what kind of bread he
wanted.
He said, there's too many choices.
He said, there's.
Oh, yeah.
In Russia, we have club.
There's one.
Yeah.
When I first went when I first went
to Russia spread.
my first went to Russia was with a
group of about um eight ten people uh
when we had a KGB uh was our
guide uh KGB agent and uh we went
into the grump uh department store and we
went into moscow and the the lines were
uh you know around the block and it
was the largest store in the world at
the time and i said why all the
lines they said well they have bread today
and there was one
Now,
they'll say they'll have toothpaste
tomorrow and there'll be a line for the
toothpaste.
There was one choice of bread,
one choice of toothpaste.
And so when they first were exposed to
free enterprise and Western productivity
and there were so many choices,
many of them wanted to go back to
the old way because they didn't want to
have to make that choice between,
you know,
three hundred brands of flavors of yogurt
versus, well,
we don't even know what this thing is.
We've never seen yogurt before.
Let's see if we can play that.
That's kind of a fun invitation.
I'm trying to create a whole group of
invitations.
Is that possible for you to play and
us to hear it and see it?
We can play it.
I think so, yeah.
We might get slapped back if we talk
over it.
Okay, I'll listen up.
Pretty good, huh?
Pretty darn good.
And there are scores of those.
And it's marvelous to see the creativity
and what's being produced.
And I call them invitations.
These are invitations to come visit YadaYah
or YadaYah.com.
Either one will get you there,
YadaYah or YadaYah.com.
And you'll find where your place is in
the universe.
You'll know exactly where it is,
how things are going to play out over
the next thousand years,
what your opportunity is,
how you can become light,
shed these physical bodies,
and be able to travel through the
universe.
Go visit the sun, moon, and stars.
It's all there for you.
It's all free.
And we are offering the only guaranteed
ride
off of this planet alive.
So it is beautiful.
I've got my beautiful piece.
Yeah,
I've got my ticket to I'm going to
be there.
So do you ever wonder why Muslims hate
dogs?
Because they do.
Right.
Yeah.
Okay, the reason.
When Muhammad was thrown out of Kaaba,
it was actually Petra,
but they believe now it's Mecca.
I mean,
they've been fooled into believing that
it's Mecca, but it's Kaaba,
which is Petra.
When he was left out of town after
the satanic verses and then the night's
journey,
the night's journey was the one that
really did it to him, you know,
flying asses.
They were smart enough to know that asses
don't fly and that he spent all night
with his six-year-old sex toy.
uh and so he tried to beg people
to uh you know god will you protect
me will you will you take me in
will you protect me i have i've got
nothing to offer but but uh my uh
you know my my pet rock here uh
he uh he will uh he's cut you
a real good deal you can steal all
you want you can kill as many people
as you want you can slave as many
people as you want you get to keep
eighty percent of what you steal
And if you're killed in the process of
stealing, by the way, I get twenty.
And if you're killed,
then you go to the Islamic heaven where
you get multiple virgins that will satiate
your carnal desires.
And so it's a win-win.
That's my deal.
And then he finally found a group of
twenty pagans that said, yeah,
we'll take you in.
That sounds like a pretty good deal for
us.
What do we have to do?
And he said, we have to pledge.
We'll call it the Pledge of Aqabah.
Your pledge is to wage war against all
mankind.
Okay, well,
pledged a wage war against all mankind.
That became day one of the Islamic era.
That Islam was born on that day.
Now, so he went to Yathrib,
which had thirty thousand Jews,
date farms, managed to either enslave,
rape or kill every Jew.
And his mosque, so his first mosque,
you think, well, it's a building.
They must have built a building.
No, they didn't build a building.
It was this open courtyard and the
courtyard became a courtyard because it
was surrounded by these small bedrooms.
It's a whole group of bedrooms because
Mohammed had between sex slaves and little
children and the victims of rape.
He had someone in the mid-twenties,
twenty-four of them,
and they all had their own little
quarters.
And so the walls, if you will,
the perimeter of this courtyard,
which was an open courtyard,
were his apartments for his sex slaves.
And so it was just an open field.
And so the inside.
And so dogs and other animals could come
in and dogs came in and they whizzed
there and they pooped there.
And Muhammad didn't like the dogs whizzing
and pooping in his mosque.
So Muslims hate dogs.
That's the story.
Yep.
Doesn't get any better or worse than that,
but that's the answer.
Okay.
Well, yeah.
Muslims are headed to, I guess, Ramadan.
And you just want to blow your brains
out and say,
how could you be so stupid?
You know how Ramadan became an Islamic
holiday?
It's hot.
I don't know.
No, okay.
Muhammad...
spent his midlife chasing off after demons
and the pagan religion surrounding the
hills of Petra.
And he would spend sometimes weeks out
there being religious.
And the spirits that he was chasing all
lived in caves.
They were very superstitious with demons
and the like.
And so he was out in the month
of Ramadan being religious and the pagan
religion of the area,
not very sophisticated,
but the Jens were the demons.
And he was out fasting among them in
a cave.
And in the cave,
in one of his little outings,
because he didn't work.
He was like all Muslims at the time.
He had no job.
And he was unemployed.
So he had all this time.
He married a woman that was old enough
to be his mother.
So she could support him.
And he went off and he was being
religious in these caves.
And one night in a cave,
a spirit came and beat the living shit
out of him.
Beat him up big time.
And
left him so battered,
and then the spirits told him to read.
And he said, but I'm illiterate,
I can't read.
Read,
and pressed him again and beat him up.
And he said, I can't read.
Read, what do you want me to read?
And he says, well,
that the man was created from a coagulated
clot of blood,
and this is what the pen had to
say.
It was the dumbest thing ever.
And that was the first recital for the
Quran.
It's, I think,
tucked away somewhere in the ninety-six
surah.
The Quran is such a jumbled mess.
And Muhammad
beat all up by the spirit,
kind of a Paul experience on the road
to Damascus where Paul became blind and
lame.
So he was up there in the hills
and his first thought was,
this has been really bad.
I have been demon possessed.
I'm just going to commit suicide.
That'd be the best plan.
I'm going to throw myself out off this
ledge,
but he didn't have the guts to do
it.
so he ended up running home to his
uh mother slash wife and said i've been
demon possessed i'm fear for my life and
she's the one that conceived Islam she
says no no no listen i've invested too
much money in you you're not going to
embarrass me this way uh you were out
there meeting with god and it's yeah
you're going to be the spokesperson for
god i don't give a crap about this
demon possession stuff and that's how
Islam was born
Now,
the reason it floats around the calendar
is because Muhammad was so stupid that
every culture for three thousand,
four thousand years prior to Muhammad knew
that the.
lunar year was 254 days and that the
solar year was 365 days and so the only
way you could keep time and keep this
lunar year on track with the solar year
is that every two to three years you
have to add a month intercalary month and
if you do that uh i think it's
thirteen out of nineteen uh years um that
it
Totals,
three hundred sixty five and a quarter
days.
It works out beautifully.
And people have been doing that for four
thousand years before Muhammad.
But Muhammad was really stupid.
So he said that the intercalary month was
satanic and that Allah forbids it.
So Islamic year just spins right on
around, you know, the solar year.
And that's just part of the stupidity of
the religion.
Yeah,
I thought Ramadan translated to like
scorching heat or something.
And so it always made me wonder why
it could be Ramadan in, you know,
March or, you know,
it was supposed to be the hottest month.
Yeah, when Muhammad was a, just a...
Idiot and Cabaville.
They were even in Arabia,
and this was Petra, so that, you know,
Petra used to be quite a place.
The Nabataeans had built it,
and with their watering systems they had,
it was the perfect place for people coming
up, a perfect location, too,
if you're
If you were traveling up through the Red
Sea and then the Gulf of Aqaba,
you could reach the tip.
And then directly from that tip,
you'd go up through the Grand Rift Valley
up and then you'd go to the Mediterranean.
And this was the best watering hole
because of the aqueduct they had built for
it.
And it was this gorgeous city they built
into the the rose colored aqueduct.
I don't think it was limestone there,
but sandstone.
And so it was a beautiful city.
But about three hundred years before
Muhammad's birth,
they had a terrible earthquake,
destroyed the aqueduct,
and the Nabataeans left it,
the Romans who had occupied it left it.
And it was kind of a vagabond home
for dropouts and left outs that would live
among the rubble,
and that's where Muhammad was born.
And that's what he fought over.
But still,
they would have known and they would have
observed a normal calendar.
They would enter calendar a month and
their months would not have
wrapped around the ear.
In Hebrew,
they had a different system for doing this
that works the same way,
which is the ear begins with the first
crescent of the light on the moon closest
to the vernal equinox.
That's when barley,
the winter barley crop,
would be green and still receptive and
growing in the head.
And so it's the first liver of the
moon closest to that barley crop,
which is effectively the
new moon that first light of the moon
nearest the vernal equinox.
And so if you do that,
you're going to keep your year always in
sync with the solar year.
But Mohammed said, no, that's satanic.
So he
put Muslims in a place where their
calendar doesn't work.
So that's what happened.
He doesn't understand it,
so it's gotta be satanic.
Yeah, and other thing,
one of the things that's interesting is
that Ramadan was the holy month of the
pagans.
The Kaaba was the shrine of the pagans
for rock gods.
And the Hajj was pagan.
The prostration prayer was pagan.
The taxes were pagan.
Every pillar of Islam
was practiced by the pagans.
So it's a pagan religion just under a
new name.
Right.
And I think we're adding the submission
part, submit or die.
Well, Islam actually means submit.
That's what it means.
Surrender, submit.
Oh,
I'm so bewildered that people can be this
stupid.
So, you know,
Elon Musk is where we're now.
You're going to have colonies on the moon.
You know,
he's gone from colonies on Mars to
colonies on the moon.
You know why he changed?
He watched one of your programs and
realized that he couldn't get anybody to
Mars.
It was a death sentence.
Yeah,
I think that might have been part of
it.
It's impossible for anybody to...
I wouldn't say it's impossible to send
somebody to Mars.
It's nigh on impossible to send somebody
to Mars to actually land on Mars and
survive the landing.
But it is impossible for somebody to get
to Mars, land on Mars, live on Mars,
and then return to Earth.
It's an absolute impossibility.
Physics won't allow it.
It's too toxic, too.
So the only place that you could visit
and get off the planet is the moon.
But, you know,
fifty-five years ago with slide rules,
we were a lot smarter than we are
today.
So we can't, with AI and our computers,
we can't figure out how to get back
to the moon like we once did.
In fact,
this Artemis mission we keep on
postponing,
it's not going to land on the moon.
It's going to go around the moon.
And so we can't figure out how to
do what we did because the Saturn V
Apollo program is really ingenious.
What it did is with one rocket,
no refueling, what it did,
it shed mass all the way along the
way so that every component that
needed to go forward, went forward.
And as soon as it was done,
the mass of it was shed.
And we even left components on the moon.
And by doing that,
then it was possible to land.
With slide rules,
we made some very wise decisions.
uh, fifty five years ago,
but we can't figure out how to do
that.
I won't process the information.
And then there's there's all manner of
problems because the the rocket
calculation requires an essentially a
quadrupling of the fuel load for
exit velocity wants his rocket back yeah
yeah well yeah well no of uh yeah
well of an exit velocity is is a
is different because all of elon's spacex
launches are low earth's uh orbit they're
for satellites they're all low earth orbit
you're not going beyond low earth orbit
but to go to the moon you have
to have exit velocity and to reach that
velocity uh with the with the weight of
his uh
a starship,
the amount of fuel is just gargantuan.
And you can't then accelerate to exit
velocity unless you can decelerate when
you reach the moon,
or you just go right on by.
And when you reach the moon,
you have to get more fuel to accelerate
to leave the moon.
If you land on it,
you need first more to land on the
moon.
Then you need more to leave the moon.
Then you need more to leave orbit of
the moon.
And then you need more to decelerate when
you come to the Earth.
So it's a lot of fuel.
And when you're dealing with exit velocity
kinds of fuel,
it's four times the weight that you're
carrying and it's just too big.
And so it won't work.
And we can't figure out how to do
it.
And then it shows pictures like this.
So here's a picture of a moon colony
and it's the moon in the background.
Details, details.
The moon's really close in the background.
Yeah,
and he's got windows on the buildings.
He's got windows on the buildings.
You know, the problem with the moon,
you know why the moon is all pitted
like that?
Because there's no atmosphere.
So every piece of space junk hits it
and rips it to shreds so that anything
that you have there,
it's subject to being ripped to shreds.
The reason that we don't get pummeled to
the point of being torn apart on Earth
is we have an atmosphere.
It has to go through the atmosphere.
And so you can't have windows like that.
The first thing that would happen is a
pebble goes through that.
They're traveling almost at the speed of
light.
They're, you know,
like in ninety eight percent of the speed
of light that blow up that.
entire building but a tiniest hole would
depressurize and your blood would boil.
You would literally boil alive because
there's no atmospheric pressure.
The moment that was perforated,
you'd have a second to live.
And then you have the problem of cosmic
radiation,
both from the sun and sun flares and
just these cosmic particles that were
released from neutron stars and the light.
And they're moving at ninety nine point
nine percent of the speed of light.
If you try to shield with a thin
material like this,
like aluminum or some form of metal or
plastic,
what they do is it actually takes that
material and ejects it into you.
So you'd be better off just naked if
you could survive at your wood boil than
you would be inside of one of these
things.
because it just would shatter your body to
pieces.
It becomes shrapnel.
Yeah, it becomes shrapnel.
And the chemical reaction,
the way that it interacts with these
metals actually creates a more toxic
effect.
And so you can't have that.
The only way that you could live,
somebody could live on Mars,
is to dig a hole.
You'd have to live in a hole.
or you're gonna have to come up with
a way that you can dig a hole
and then put in your contraption and cover
it with dirt.
So this idea that you can live there
on windows and oh,
this is gonna be a lovely resort,
we'll go.
No, it's impossible.
And then you have the other impossibility.
Oh, yeah.
And then and then they have the other.
Well, that's why I said, you know,
if you want to have a another habitat
habitat for humanity because you think
we're going to destroy the planet, which,
you know, we are,
but it's not going to help you to
have one.
Take a hole in the ground.
You've got a boring company.
everything is better in that hole in the
ground than it would be if you were
to go off in space uh and then
of course you have the issue with the
gravity that uh that the human body after
a year is not coming back uh you
wouldn't survive on on earth too much
decays but you'd have to dig a hole
in the ground if you're gonna dig a
hole in the ground what's the purpose of
even being there yeah
can't see anything what's the purpose of
being there uh so it it makes zero
sense to do any of this you you
can't get that much material to the moon
uh you can't be exposed on the moon
and then you have the power issue how
are you going to power it you can't
say solar panels because solar panels only
work if you're on the this side of
the moon where it's where there is light
on the moon's surface and you know how
much of the time there's light on the
moon's surface
Fourteen days,
fourteen and a half days and fourteen and
a half days is total darkness.
You know how much weight you would have
to bring up in batteries to to power
your little hut there for the fourteen and
a half days that there's no sunlight.
And the temperatures drop to
catastrophically low temperatures.
It can't be done.
So then you'd have to bring up a
nuclear power plant.
What way to bring up a nuclear power
plant?
I know.
So I mean,
the whole thing is just so utterly
ludicrous.
But the reason that he wants to do
this is because no one will fund a
Mars trip.
And that's a trillion dollars.
So you can send someone to Mars to
die for a trillion dollars.
But the U.S.
government will fund building the first
habitat on the moon.
You know why?
Same reason we went to the moon in
the nineteen sixties.
Oh, we had to beat the Ruskies,
those godless Ruskies,
those communist godless Ruskies.
We can't let them embarrass us.
We're going to beat them to the moon.
That's why we went there.
Now it's the Chinese who have a huge
head start on us on building a mining
facility on Mars.
And they're very systematic in what
they're trying to do.
And they know what can and cannot be
done.
And they're trying to actually have...
uh,
three-D printing such that they can take
the moon regula and use it to build
habitat.
Of course,
the problem with that is that moon regula
is so deadly that the astronauts that were
there for three or four days,
they said by the time that they were
done, nothing,
nothing functioned and their spacesuits
were almost eaten through because it's so
sharp.
It's just like this brittle shards of
glass
uh there because there's no erosion to
keep anything smooth and so it's and it's
electronic it's electrostatically charged
so you can't get it off of your
gear so you're tracking it into your
habitat and therefore when you go into
your habitat and you're starting to
breathe you know just normally inside of
it because you're taking off your space
suit you breathe in that stuff and it's
tears your lungs apart the regular is one
of the reasons that the moon is not
habitable
And so this whole thing makes zero sense.
And it's just astounding.
But we're trying to beat the Chinese.
And so the U.S.
government will spend money it doesn't
have.
And therefore, Elon chases money.
And so therefore,
he's dumped Mars and now is touting the
moon.
All right.
Kind of on the same note,
I just saw the other day where Voyager
sent back some data that there is at
the very edge of our solar system,
they said a fifty thousand degree plasma
wall.
So nothing gets in and out of our
solar.
Yes.
Voyager sending back data that makes
scientists think that there's a fifty
thousand degree plasma wall.
So not only is is our little earth
here protected in its own in its own
little with the sun and everything,
our whole solar system is kind of locked
off from the rest of the of the
universe to at least for us getting out,
apparently.
Yeah, that just blew my mind.
The more you study it,
and I don't want to go into a
long dissertation because we've done it on
other programs, but the more you study it,
the more you realize that there is no
intelligent life on any other planet.
The tuning that is required for there to
be life on Earth is so rare that
when you actually do the math,
you realize that it's essentially
impossible that there's life on any other
planet,
even though there's two trillion galaxies,
each averaging a couple of hundred billion
stars.
It's just not possible.
The math doesn't work.
And it doesn't even matter because there's
no way for them to get here or
for us to get there.
There is no way that a physical body
is ever going to leave,
even if there wasn't the plasma wall.
There's no way for a physical body even
to get past Mars.
You can get one to Mars.
You can get one to Venus.
It can't survive either place,
but you can get one there and to
die there.
But that's as far as you could ever
go.
And it's not habitable once you get there
and you can't get past it because a
the amount of energy necessary to
accelerate an object to even approaching
the speed of light becomes physically
impossible.
And then you have the issue of,
unless you can create artificial gravity
through centrifugal force,
and that has all sorts of other issues,
but the size and the weight of such
a contraption is so enormous that there's
no way to accelerate it.
And you'd have to accelerate something
essentially to the speed of light.
And even if you did so,
to get to the nearest star that would
even have a remote chance of being able
to have a habitable planet,
you're talking about, what?
Seventy, fifty to seventy thousand years?
Right.
No, it can't be done.
I mean,
it's just at our current fastest that,
you know,
the Voyagers are going right now at that
speed.
the fastest we're going to get to anywhere
is in the fifty thousand year realm.
That's how long it would take to get
there.
And if you made a mistake,
that one didn't turn out to be very
good.
Forgot to carry the zero.
Yeah.
Where are you going to go now?
Oh, OK.
That was fun for seventy thousand years.
Now we're going to go.
No,
until we receive what Yahowah has promised,
where our physical bodies are discharged
and our souls reside in light energy,
at that point we can go anywhere at
any time and any distance no longer
matters and all the toxicity of the
universe no longer matters.
You can go off and explore every planet
and every solar system and be free to
do so for all time because it would
take no time to go across the solar
system because on a photon of light,
time simply exists.
So that's what God is offering us.
And without his offer.
Travel plan.
Yeah, we are.
We are right here.
And the reason he is restoring the earth
to the conditions of Eden is that earth
really is Eden.
There's really no distinction between the
Garden of Eden, Gan Eden and our earth.
The earth is Eden and he is restoring
it to the conditions of Eden and has
given us a thousand years for us to
teach the mortal remnant that come back to
Jerusalem how to be responsible.
how to be observant,
responsive and responsible.
And so that God can trust us to
take us from three dimensions to four,
five,
six and seven and go off and explore
this planet.
And he's not going to do that until
he knows that we're observant,
we're responsive and we're reliable.
And that's what the opportunity is.
And I don't care what Elon Musk says
or how much money he has.
He can't do what he's saying he can
do, but God can.
And that's what his offer is.
And you want to take advantage of it.
The invitation is found at YadaYah.com.
Oh, God.
Judaism is not a religion you join.
It's a people you belong to.
I'm a proud Jew.
The opposite is true.
Yahuwd is the name.
If you're gonna be a Jew,
you are forever estranged from God.
Why would you even have a religion when
it is opposed to God?
God is opposed to religion.
Your ethnicity is Yahuwd or Israelite.
Take your pick.
You're a descendant of Yahuwd or you're a
descendant of the other eleven tribes and
you are a Israelite.
Take your pick.
It is an ethnicity.
It is your DNA.
You do not use religion to change your
DNA.
You know,
there is no correlation between religion
and DNA.
So the religion of Judaism controls
religion.
people, particularly Jews,
estranges them from God.
Erased Yahowah's name has destroyed the
Jewish people.
Yahowah hates religion and he hates Judaism
most of all.
And your only hope if you are a
Jew is for you to figure out how
to become a Yahuwd,
which you can do at YadaYah.com.
Become a Yahuwd again.
Yahuwd is a compound of Yahowah's name,
Yahowah, and Dowd's name, Yahuwd.
It probably is,
as I've said so many times,
it's probably Yahuwd for Yahowah and Dowd.
But it's a combination of Yahowah's name
and Dowd's name.
His beloved son,
it means the beloved of Yah.
And that is your only way.
that you can be a proud Jew all
you want to, but you're going to die.
Over the next seven years,
I will guarantee you a hundred percent of
the proud Jews that join the religion of
Judaism are going to be dead,
a hundred percent of them over the next
seven years.
And the only way that you're part of
that mortal remnant or you're part of the
harvest or you survive this is to stop
being a Jew and start being a Yahuwd
and to return to Yahowah.
And you need the first step in doing
that first condition of the covenant is to
walk away from religion.
Absolutely.
Yahowah's looking for his Yahuwdym.
He is.
Why do some people think that they're the
only intelligent species in the universe?
First of all,
I think that's a bit arrogant and
presumptive.
because I'm quite certain today,
most people are not intelligent.
They might have been previously,
but we have definitely forfeited our
intelligence card.
The reason is,
and I would encourage people to do what
I've done is to study this and you
realize just how improbable life is.
You know,
the spontaneous generation of life is far
less likely than a tornado flying over a
junkyard and building an operable seven
forty seven.
Really,
it is the math on it is in
the range of ten to the fifty second
power.
And you mean like a cell as far
as life.
Yeah, and that would be a cell.
Amoeba, maybe.
Right.
Yeah, an amoeba.
And that's the ten to the fifty second
power.
It didn't happen.
It can't happen.
And it most certainly can't happen on an
environment that is in any way different
than our planet.
life requires too many things that you
just get down to things like you have
to have two tonic plates you have to
have tides you have to have a moon
that is abnormally large the earth moon
relationship is we never we have not seen
anything else like it in the universe and
it has to be that and the reason
that they are earth and moon relationship
is that as it is is because the
moon is earth
What happened four point five billion
years ago is a planet the size of
Mars hit the Earth at a perfect speed,
at the perfect angle to keep from
completely obliterating both of them and
turning into another asteroid ring that
that caused a molten moon comprised of the
Earth to to form.
And that's the reason it's the size and
it's the closeness that it is.
And things like the rotation, you know,
the twenty four hour day that we have,
if it was any slower than the cold
of night would be too cold for life
and the heat in the day would be
too hot for life.
And if you spend any faster than the
storms would preclude life because the
winds would blow to too hard.
uh without uh the size that we are
you couldn't have the magnetic field that
protects us from all manner of uh of
terrible dangerous things that are out
there once you leave are the magnetic
field of the of the earth and it
has to be exactly uh the size that
it is for that to happen uh
The ratio of toxicity in the air where
oxygen is actually toxic to plants,
they thrive on carbon dioxide,
but intelligent life requires oxygen.
The metabolism rate is just so much
greater with oxygen.
And so to have a planet that actually
creates oxygen,
and it can't be any higher percentage than
we have,
otherwise you light a match and the whole
planet would blow up.
Look what happened, you know, Apollo one.
And so it just everything that you can
possibly think of.
The sun has to be exactly the same
size as our sun and the same style
of star at the exact same size.
A red dwarf won't work.
You know, these blue stars won't work.
Has to be exactly the same size as
our star with the longevity our star has
and the stability our star has.
And you have to be exactly the distance
from that star that we are.
And you have to have a planet the
size of Jupiter that's the distance that
Jupiter is from us to absorb all of
the other impact of asteroids.
Otherwise,
the planet would just be completely
bombarded like happened sixty million
years ago to wipe out seventy percent of
the life forms at that time.
You can go on for an hour of
all of the fine-tuning that is required.
You even have to have the solar system
has to be in the outer ring,
but not the absolute outer ring,
but towards the outer ring of its galaxy.
Because as you move closer into the
galaxy,
there's too much explosions going on and
too much, you know,
if a star goes supernova,
which that's how the larger ones die,
And it happens anywhere near you,
your planet is obliterated.
So it can't produce life.
So you can't be in the inner part
of a galaxy where most of the stars
are.
You have to be out in one of
these wings, exactly where we are.
And you have to be in a galaxy
that's separated from other galaxies.
The Milky Way galaxy is in this huge
void where there's nothing else around it.
Or you'd be blown away.
And as I said,
you could go on and you could do
the math and to say, well,
how many planets would that...
represent and all of a sudden you're in
numbers where it becomes even greater than
the chance formation of life just to have
a planet that could support it and then
if you had that chance support of life
you've got to have whatever was created
have a way to reproduce itself you're back
to the starting point all over again then
you have to have a way for it
to feed itself
And then you have to wait for it
to process that food.
And you have to have the food available,
otherwise you're back to scratch again.
And genetic mutations don't develop more
intelligent, more sophisticated life.
They go the opposite way.
They're caustic.
The arrogance to think that we are here
on this planet and we're able to do
the vlog on the blog and have Wookie
introduce us by random chance is utterly
stupid.
And it just shows you the arrogance of
man and the fact that we just don't
think it through anymore.
We really need to go back to slide
rules and get away from computers and AI,
I tell you.
I'll be happy when Stacking Rocks doesn't
take slide rules,
when we can just kind of figure stuff,
you know?
A little pencil, a little paper, and then,
yeah, nothing more complicated than that.
I'll be okay with that.
I think that the Covenant Harvest that is on
Shabuwah.
that are the returnees that have so much
responsibility going forth,
not only fulfillment of Taruwah,
but of their,
to facilitate Dowd Yahowah's return on
Kipurym.
And then they are the exemplars and the
teachers of the,
thousand year celebration of Sukah.
I think that we're going to have like
I know we're going to be seven dimensional
creatures that we're projecting just part
of ourselves into physical bodies here.
And so I think that you could will
be able to look at something and say,
I want to terraform it.
I want it to be this way.
I want this.
I want these living quarters.
And you can think it into existence
because matter is just simply an organized
form of energy.
diminished organized form of energy so i
think you should be able to think things
into existence uh i don't think we're
going to be able to show off all
that often because we're going to be
living around mortals and we have to be
able to set an example but it's going
to be a pretty extraordinary opportunity
particularly when we leave this planet and
the things we get to go do together
my hope is that god
did specifically create another group of
planets that are ideally,
if he could do it for us,
he could do it for others and that
there are others that we can go visit
and we can see and experience other forms
of life.
or we're going to create them ourselves or
however that's going to work.
But I do think that Yahowah loves life.
And when he takes us around as explorers,
I think we'll have that opportunity either
to create life or enjoy life that he
has created for us.
I think the first thousand times that I
do it,
I'm going to sit back and say,
you know,
you're really good at this and you've had
the practice.
Why don't you create the life?
And I'll sit here and enjoy it.
I might even criticize some of it just
for fun.
Yeah,
why don't you show me how to do
it the first thousand times and then maybe
I'll try.
We can take the Towrah show on the
road.
So what we're doing is throughout the
galaxy,
just plopping in different planets and
delivering Towrah show to the different
planets.
Hey guys, this is how it works out.
Yeah,
I think we're going to do it as
very small groups.
I think we're...
By the time we're done with all this,
we're all going to be introverts.
Some of us more so than others,
but yeah.
Some of us more so than others.
I'm definitely going back to my birth.
I was an introvert when I was born.
I'm going back to it.
And that doesn't mean that you don't like
people.
I like people.
I just don't want to be around a
thousand of them.
All the people all the time, yes.
You know, the three of us,
we'll take Rich with us.
We'll go out.
We'll grab Kirk and a few friends.
And we'll take Dr. Jeff.
Of course, we'll all have wives.
I'm just going with a wife.
I don't think I'm going to go with
a girlfriend thing.
It's too much work.
I'm just going to enjoy having a wife.
And we'll go out and, you know,
we'll have a good time exploring the
universe.
And we'll come back and we'll do our
job.
We're not running from our job.
But we are going to take a fun
vacation.
Oh, yeah.
And it might be on Jupiter or Mars.
This is one that we just talked about,
the rotation of the Earth.
The speed of it has to be exactly
the way it is.
And it even has to have the tilt
that we have for the weather conditions to
exist.
And you have to have the Teutonic plates.
Otherwise,
you wouldn't have the different kinds of
zones that are for different kinds of
life.
you know if you didn't have uplift uh
for volcanic activity that happens because
large because the tonight place but the
shifting of of land masses then uh you
know moisture warm moisture blowing over
the oceans wouldn't rise to create rain uh
so there's so much that has to go
into all of this for uh life to
flourish and for an ecosystem to exist um
so i happen to be uh an intelligent
design
Devotee, the more I study,
the more I realize that's the way it
is, yeah.
We'll stop on this one here.
This is interesting.
They call it a three-thousand-year-old
Judean artifact,
but it dates to the eighth century BCE.
That would make it twenty-seven hundred
years old,
twenty-eight if it was late eighth
century,
and we're adding now to the twenty-first
century.
But nonetheless,
we're dealing with at least seven hundred
years BCE, maybe seven seventy years BCE.
We're getting within two to three hundred
years of Dowd and his kingdom.
We're getting really close to the time
that Israel began to break up as to
Israel,
the Northern Kingdom and the Southern
Kingdom.
And that alphabet there,
that is the second iteration of Hebrew.
And it's clear this was written in Hebrew
all the way back in there.
You know, the scholars want to say, no,
written Hebrew didn't exist until the
fifth century.
So they couldn't have written any of this
stuff down.
That's when the Towrah had to come
together, the fifth century,
because that's when the alphabet was
first.
No, it wasn't.
It goes back.
Everybody, everybody stole from it,
going back to right out of the garden.
Absolutely.
I think Yahowah gave us.
Yeah.
You know what?
When we were trying to create that,
the Yada Towrah script,
which is available at yadayah.com.
So if you go to the resource page,
you'll find the script.
You can download it.
We're going to have a second version of
it now that's more intuitively keyed.
We keyed this first one just so that
we could do some copy and pasting and
replace what we had with it to the
old called Moabite stone.
But it was insane on the keystroke.
So now a Yod is going to be
a Y and the Aleph will be the
A and it's going to be keyed much
better than the other one was.
There's, of course,
a chance that you've got some challenges.
There are three S's and three T's,
which make it a little more difficult.
But besides that,
we had to work around on some of
these things.
The V on the keyboard's open,
so you could use one of those.
It is.
You know, the Tasde is an interesting,
because you've got the Theth, the Taw,
which, you know,
the Taw is the last letter in the
Hebrew alphabet.
It's the beginning letter of Towrah.
It's used a lot.
And so we just said, okay,
that'll be the lowercase T. And the Theth,
which would be second most,
that would be the capital T.
uh so we're you know that that makes
uh some sense uh we did the same
thing with the shin versus the the samech
the samech is the capital s and the
shin is the lowercase uh s uh the
tsade then you know you don't have uh
you don't have three cases of uh with
the shift key on the uh on the
t uh and so the tsade it
ends with an e sound so
We said we'll do it as an E.
There's actually a symbol on our computers
for a test.
I use it all the time.
It's that little curly thing,
a little wavy looking thing.
We're going to have two keys.
You can use either one of the two.
We tried to be creative and
But anyway, that'll be out soon.
But all of this demonstrates that the
Towrah and the prophets are accurate.
When they say that this person was in
authority and this person was working for
them,
we find these things written
to verify all that.
The Towrah and the prophets are absolutely
unequivocally accurate, historically,
scientifically, consistently.
Now, the New Testament, of course,
is a joke, but the Towrah and prophets.
They consistently, even in this one,
you read further down, it says,
from the biblical kingdom of Judea,
and it's just like, no, no, no,
it's a Towrah kingdom.
The Bible's Babel.
Right.
They'll come up with something like this
and say, oh,
it proves the Bible's right again.
No, no, no.
The Towrah is right.
It proves the Towrah is right.
And, you know,
Towrah permeates the prophets, the Nabi.
So the Nabi and the prophets are filled
with Towrah because Towrah means teaching
and guidance.
directions and instructions.
And the Towrah is filled with prophetic
statements and the prophets are filled
with instructions that are Towrah.
And so it's really one message through the
Towrah and prophets.
But there is no Old Testament and there
is no Bible.
Bible is Babel.
It means to intermix,
to confound and confuse.
So yeah,
you've got to get your terms right.
When you're dealing with God, we just...
That's one of the first things that I
did when I started.
I was going to write all these books
is that I want to get the terminology
right.
Yahowah's name is Yahowah.
That's how it's pronounced.
You look at God said it's based on
the verb Hayah.
That gives you three of the four letters
and it's found in the midst of the
Towrah teaching.
And that gives you the other letter,
the O, which is from the Wah.
And, you know,
you're off and you can then verify it
with all of the other words in the
language that show that to be true.
But
It's important that you translate the
words correctly like Towrah is from the
verb according to Yahowah.
Yahowah defines his terms.
He says that Towrah is from the verb
Yarah.
Yarah means source of instructions,
directions, teaching and guidance.
So what is Towrah?
Source of teaching,
guidance and instruction and directions.
It's not hard to figure this stuff out,
but you gotta start with a clean slate
and wipe the religiosity away so that
you're not using terms like Bible,
you don't use terms like scripture,
you don't use terms like Old Testament and
you use the correct terminology.
And it's the only way you're gonna get
to know God and God's not gonna make
it easy.
He has to have a filtering mechanism.
He's got to keep the Nimrods out.
He does not want to spend eternity with
anybody stupid enough to be religious or
somebody that's overtly political or
somebody that's conspiratorial or somebody
that's antisemitic.
No dunderheads allowed.
You got to think your way through it.
And we provide all of that.
That was our job,
to provide all of it and to give
you all the information you need to make
an intelligent decision.
What you do with it is up to
you.
Absolutely.
And you thought you were making it too
easy.
I did.
That's always been one of my great
concerns was that I'd made it too easy.
And God's going to be really upset with
me for allowing idiots into Shamaym
because I made it too easy.
And everybody else is screaming, oh,
come on, can you just dumb it down?
Can you give me the cliff note versions?
You know, I don't need thirty five books.
I just want a paragraph.
No, I ain't doing that.
I'll tell you what.
He always says, Yada, that one's yours.
That guy's yours.
He's hanging with you for the rest of
the time.
You brought him in.
He's all yours.
He's your responsibility.
I'm not going there, man.
I know my lane.
I'm staying in my lane.
I'm okay with my lane.
Yeah.
Although, yeah,
I was never comfortable or never allows
you to get comfortable in your lane.
His whole deal is, uh-huh.
Okay.
You were pretty good with that.
We're in up the ante.
Okay.
Well, you did okay with that.
Now we're in up the ante again.
And he just keeps on up in the
ante to you.
You finally just say, okay, uncle.
well he's growing and so you're growing
and we're yes and yeah and he's just
not gonna he's just i've tried that
several times i said you know you're
you're making this impossible because i i
went from anonymous and i can do this
job as anonymous that's really swell god
says i don't do anonymous and so you're
not anonymous and we're not doing
anonymous so here's who you are and okay
you say all right i i'm gonna i'm
gonna grow into that Choter and and Nakry
and nakar
then he has another fifty insertions and
then you find out that we he started
talking about you and uh and the fourth
day of creation uh you know uh a
billion years ago and you're dealing with
oh my okay um no pressure no pressure
here but you know
You know,
you could make this easier if if you
didn't draw all this attention to your
spokesperson and just let that
spokesperson anonymously convey this
message.
And you guys said, I don't do anonymous.
So there you go.
You know, you're really dumb.
Life decision would be to tell God that
he is wrong and you're not going to
you're just not going to do it anymore.
You know,
even Moshe and Dowd tried that didn't work
out well for him.
I read the story.
I'm not going there.
Right.
It did not work out for them.
That is not the right call.
I want to skip my fifty first Mizmowr
moment.
You know,
I want to go to my hundred and
eighteenth Mizmowr moment.
I do.
Yeah,
I think it's the hundred and sixteenth.
But yes, that's what I want to do.
And right now I'm having my eighty ninth
Mizmowr moment for the probably the eighty
ninth time.
And you just shake your head and said,
God, this was always there.
And
did i miss it you know why are
you dealing with me and i missed this
and he said have you looked around
recently on how many other options i had
you know what do you say with Moshe
what was the reason he chose him he
was he was responsive and he was barely
responsive right no i don't want to do
this no i don't talk well no i'm
not going to go uh-huh yeah then what
did Dowd finally say god you know you're
you're
What you're asking for is impossible.
You're impossible.
I don't want to do this anymore.
The fifty-first Mizmowr is Dowd's meltdown,
just as Numbers eleven is Moshe's
meltdown.
We got through Numbers fifteen,
and that talked about how God's going to
solve the meltdown that took place in the
eleventh chapter and the twelfth chapter
of Numbers.
You know what they do in the sixteenth
chapter?
They have another meltdown.
They try to
go after Moshe again and God has to
kill him.
They'll say, okay,
well that group's gone after it killed
everyone above the age of twenty.
He says, all right.
I think God's an introvert too.
He says, you know,
I'm not really interested in numbers.
We're going to get this down to a
few enough that we can make this work.
Right.
Well, my friend,
we have gone over the two-hour limit.
I think this was an interesting— You got
another show in you?
You got another show in you tonight?
I don't know.
We're going to talk to Rich about that.
It is five o'clock.
Last night,
our last show ended with me ingesting
moths and getting moths pummeling my eyes
because we had these bright lights in the
middle of the tropics at night.
I think we ended that show at like
eight forty-five, didn't we?
Almost.
But it was close, and it was late.
So by the time we got everything covered
back up, it was at least that time.
And you're saying,
we gotta make it to the end and
you don't wanna burn the candle at both
ends to the point that you don't.
I'm not facing God and saying, you know,
you wore me out.
I didn't have enough fuel to get to
the end.
So we did the best we could up
to a point, but you know,
I- We just tell Yahowah we'd have done
another show,
but we couldn't get Kevin out of bed.
Well, that was this morning.
That was this morning.
Of course, we're three hours ahead of you,
but that didn't matter.
It doesn't matter.
I was joking.
It doesn't matter here.
I'm going to move to Ireland so that
the time zone works in my favor.
Okay.
Good luck with Ireland.
They love you in Ireland.
Yes, that's a place that... I'm Irish,
and I'm embarrassed with what they have
done.
All right, my friend.
Well, it has been fun.
I've enjoyed this format.
I love the Wookie introduction.
Maybe we can play the Wookie introduction
as the outro just because, well, it's fun.
How about that?
Can you arrange a Wookie sayonara for us?
I can play the Wookie intro again,
and then when we end the stream,
it'll play the Qara outro.
So you'll see intro, outro, back to back.
Oh, okay.
Let's do both.
Best of both worlds.
Okay.
Thank you.
Come a little closer and lend me your
ears.
Don't worry,
you keep yours while I keep mine.
In each episode,
we'll dig into the major stories,
uncover the truth and retrieve gems from
Yada's blog.
We'll discuss what's right,
bark about what's wrong,
wag our tails at the thrill of discovery
and take you on adventures through the
exciting world we live in today.
So,
fasten your curiosity leash and get ready.
right then coming to you with another
episode of the Yada's Vlog on a Blog
tomorrow's news disseminated today let's
dive in hey there thanks for tuning in
that was fetch gotta run now catch y'all
on our next podcast